= auto_do_something

A simple Ruby on Rails plugin to let model auto do something (like strip, downcase, etc.) before validation.

== Usage

Before validation do strip, in your model:

  auto :strip, :for => :field

For many fields:

  auto :strip, :for => [:field1, :field2, ...]

Before validation do substr (with one argument):

  auto :[], :with => 0...10, :for => :field_or_fields

Or if you want with more argument:

  auto :[], :with => [0, 10], :for => :field_or_fields

=== In ActiveRecord

An example from spec:

  class Item < ActiveRecord::Base
    auto :strip, :for => [:nickname, :email, :info]
    auto :downcase, :for => :email
    auto :[], :with => 0...10, :for => :info
    # or
    auto :[], :with => [0, 10], :for => :info
  end

  user = User.new(:nickname => ' ayaya ',
                  :email => ' AYAYA@EXAMPLE.COM ',
                  :info => ' hello world! ')
  user.valid? # or save

  user.nickname.should == 'ayaya'
  user.email.should == 'ayaya@example.com'
  user.info.should == 'hello worl'

=== In ActiveModel

Just <tt>include AutoDoSomething</tt> in model class then use it like in ActiveRecord,
see full example in <tt>spec/spec_helper.rb</tt>.

== Install

Gemfile:

  gem 'auto_do_something', :git => 'git://github.com/ayamomiji/auto_do_something.git'

or install as a plugin:

  rails plugin install git://github.com/ayamomiji/auto_do_something.git

== Contributing to auto_do_something

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 ayaya. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

